DEV: add new vector set data type and command pages (#1334)
redis/docs: content/develop/data-types/vector-sets/performance.md

- Expect a few thousand insertions per second on a single node.

## Quantization effects

Quantization greatly impacts both speed and memory:

- `Q8` (default): 4x smaller than `FP32`, high recall, high speed
- `BIN` (binary): 32x smaller than `FP32`, lower recall, fastest search
- `NOQUANT` (`FP32`): Full precision, slower performance, highest memory use

Use the quantization mode that best fits your tradeoff between precision and efficiency.

## Deletion performance

Deleting large vector sets using the [`DEL`]({{< relref "/commands/del" >}}) can cause latency spikes:

- Redis must unlink and restructure many graph nodes.
- Latency is most noticeable when deleting millions of elements.

## Save and load performance

Vector sets save and load the full HNSW graph structure:

- When reloading from disk is fast and there's no need to rebuild the graph.

Example: A 3M vector set with 300 components loads in ~15 seconds.

## Summary of tuning tips

| Factor     | Effect on performance               | Tip                                            |
|------------|-------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------|

> | `EF`       | Slower queries but higher recall    | Start low (e.g. 200) and tune upward           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `EF`       | Slower queries but higher recall    | Start low (for example, 200) and tune upward           |
```
